Let's review how to add a contact into CRM.

Navigate to Companies & Contacts. 
Search for the Company you wish to add a Contact to by typing the Company Name and pressing the magnifying glass. 
The Company will appear.

Press the Person button to add a Contact. In the new window, fill out the form. 
Required and recommended fields include First Name, Last Name, and Email Address. 
All other fields are optional.

If the contact will be a user of the CRM system, check the Is System User box, then select if the user is Internal or External. 
Select the appropriate Contract Access from the drop-down.

Once you've saved a System User, CRM will automatically populate the Authentication ID. 
If a new user has trouble signing in and the Authentication ID is blank, press Save again to reload the ID.

Finish up Contact Entry by pressing Save. 
The new user will now appear in the company listing.

If the Contact is a CRM system user, continue setting up their account by pressing the Pencil button. 
To edit information, press the Security tab. 
Select the General Access drop-down to decide whether the user should have Defined by Administrator access or Full Access. 
If Defined by Administrator, use the drop-down next to Apply Settings from User Group to select the Security group access the user should have, then press Add to Group. 
Press OK on the pop-up, then close the window.

To make additional edits to the Contact, press the Pencil button. 
To delete the Contact, press the X button. 
Note that a Contact cannot be deleted once they are made a system user. 
Instead, deactivate the Contact by pressing Edit, selecting Inactive under Status, and pressing Save. 
This removes login privileges and the user will change to Inactive on the screen.

For further information on adding users and setting securities, please use the Help documents located in the Help section.

Hope you enjoyed the video. 
If you need extra information, press the Help button in the top right corner of your screen. 
This will bring up all help guides, which you can search for what you need. 
For further assistance, contact your administrator. 

Thank you and have a great day.
