Let's review how to submit sales reports into the CRM system. 
Navigate to the Financials tab, then select Sales Report Upload. 
Then fill out the form that you see on screen including the following fields.

Choose the licensor from the list. 
Here you will select for whom the report is for. 
Do not select All as it can cause issues with validating your report.

Licensee. 
Select the licensee you are submitting the report for.

Template. 
Identify the name of the template you are submitting. 
The standard template is called the Royalty Report. 
Contact your system administrator for more information on which template to use.

Contract. 
Select the contract you are reporting against.

Agent. 
If applicable, select the agent listed on your contract.

Data Entry Types. 
You have three different options for Data Entry Type. 
This field will designate how you will be inputting data into CRM. 

The first option: Upload Sales Data File. 
Choose this option if you have completed a sales report template and want to upload the data into CRM.

Manual Entry. 
Choose this option if you have a small amount of data and wish to enter the details manually.

No Sales. 
Choose this option if you do not have sales for the period you are reporting and need to enter a zero statement.

Reporting Period. 
Choose the dates that reflect the accounting cycle you are reporting for. 
Today we are reporting for Q4 of 2024.

Date Received. 
This defaults to today's date. 
You can change it by using the calendar option.

Currency Type. 
Select the currency your sales report is in. 
Please note that your system administrator or contract may have communicated a currency you should be using.

Currency Conversion. 
This is a system setting dictated by the system administrator.

Status will default to Created.

Batch Number. 
Enter a naming convention. 
This is how the system will identify this specific sales report. 
We recommend naming your sales report batch with the licensee name and period reported. 
For example: Licensee Company Q4 2024.

Notes section. 
This is an optional field to enter any additional notes that should accompany your report. 
These are informational only and will not impact anything within the report.

Once the form is filled out, press Next. 
If you chose a No Sales entry, the process is now complete.

For a Manual Entry data type, press Next. 
On the new screen, press Add New. 
Fill in the information for each row of data you have, marking the checkbox at the end of each row once complete. 
Once all rows have been entered, press Submit to finalize and send your report.

Now, for the Upload Sales Data File option: 
Select Upload Sales Data File, then press Next. 
Use the Browse button to locate the sales report on your computer. 
Once selected, press Upload. 
On the next screen, verify the data that you uploaded, checking that the total figures on the right are what you intended them to be. 
To edit any lines of data, press the Edit button. 
To delete any lines, press the X button. 
Once you’re happy with the data shown, press Submit.

Your licensor will validate the information you submitted against the terms of your contract and will contact you with any questions or discrepancies.

If you need extra information, press the Help button in the top right corner of your screen. 
This will bring up all Help Guides and you can search for what you need. 
For further assistance, contact your administrator.

Thank you and have a great day.
